Add React-axe to cookbook (#1581)
styleguidist/react-styleguidist: docs/Cookbook.md

See [working with third-party libraries](Thirdparties.md).

## How to use React-axe to test accessibility of components?

1. Install [react-axe](https://github.com/dequelabs/react-axe).

> 2. Setup React-axe to style guide DevTools console:

Reviewer: I don't really understand what this means. Maybe?

```suggestion
2. Load React-axe with the style guide and run checks for each example:
```

Author: Yeah definitely thanks
